# Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO)

The DAO model is analogous to a VC fund. 
Individual investors invest ether into the fund in exchange of VC shares (DAO tokens).
The fund invests ether into ventures (coded as IssuanceEth contracts) and receives back company shares (Venture tokens).
The fund collects ether revenue from ventures, investors can collect their share of revenue from the fund.

## Warning

This contract is rather experimental. Use with caution.

## Usage

1. Investors are accepted into the DAO during the investor rounds. The initial one is executed with `DAO.openIssuance()`, callable only by the DAO owner. After the initial investor round additional investors can be welcomed by opening another investor round. To do that you need to call `DAO.reopenInvestorRound()`

Any individual can invest ether in this DAO by calling `DAO.invest()` during an investor round. Once the investor round is complete, and if the investor round is succesful, they will be allowed to call `DAO.claim()` to get their allotted DAO tokens in return.

You will use these tokens for voting purposes. 

1. Propose funding `venture`. You can suggest to the `DAO` an `venture` to fund with `amount` ether. The `venture` contract must be of type `IssuanceEth`.

2. Vote for `venture`. You can vote with your `DAO` tokens. Each token is one vote. After the venture gets funded, the tokens reset (if they were expressed for that venture).

3. Fund `venture`. You can fund the `venture` if it has reached a threshold of popularity of `50% + 1` of the votes.

4. Get tokens from funded `venture`. Claim the tokens generated by the `venture`.

5. Get returns from tokens of fudned `venture`. Increase the pool of the `DAO` with the claimed tokens.

6. Update your `account`. Retrieve your fair share of the pool tokens.